Like a boss
[inaudible]
you know,
maybe some of you have those traditional lists where you can't wear white after
Labor Day.
Well tell it to that whore that was on that thing last night. That fucking, uh,
doesn't show videos anymore. Um,
I am of course talking about the, uh, the MTV music awards, which, uh,
I gotta be honest with you. I didn't even know that they were on, I had no idea.
My wife, uh, knew and she put them on.
And um, I remember one point they was in the background, they were showing the,
the old MTV logo and it was changing all colors and stuff. And I just,
I always get sad when I see it. Like, what happened?
What happened and where the fuck did they get off?
And I know I'm 1000000th person to say this,
but where the fuck did they get off? Why do they have a video?
Um, music awards when they don't show any music videos,
you know what I mean to, why do I have a, I don't know, to,
what do I host a fucking show about not being a con?
It would be just as hypocritical. Right? By the way,
could that chick be trying any fucking harder?
[inaudible]
good Lord. We get it.
Those dumb ass outfits,
you know every fucking outfit looking like he going to go fuck captain Kirk.
It's so funny. I go back and look,
look at some of the truly shocking shit that people did way back. I thought,
you know, fucking freaked me out a long time ago was Marilyn Manson.
The first time that guy came out and he sang the beautiful people and he was,
I don't know what the fuck he was wearing. It was something,
I think it was that thing that women wore back in the day when they tried to
make their waists really small. Is that a corset?
He had that in like his fucking awful ass hanging out
[inaudible]
and he had like these contact lenses that made them look like a husky.
Okay.
That was just like, what the fuck is that? You know,
running around out there like jail bait with the fucking tongue hanging out and
now you'll legal and
that's what it's about. A number that I taught you that
I was in the other room. Right. And uh, you know,
my wife has some family in town,
so she and some of the ladies were in there watching it. And uh,
so the fucking, uh, Captain Kirk's one night stand there.
What the fuck is in there? I want to keep saying lady Gaga. I know.
It's not that it's not Taylor swift. It's two out of three though.
Um, Miley Cyrus, Miley Cyrus.
So she's in there singing this fucking song over and over again about how she
doesn't give a fuck at [inaudible].
Yeah, please.
I felt bad for her. You know what I mean? Cause you know,
with the music game it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Popular for awhile and then it just fucking starts to go down and then maybe you
get one more hit and then you fucking finished.
And then for the rest of your life you got to sing those songs.
Say guys just saw, yeah, the piano mad. Say Guys saw tonight.
What do you think Billy Joel drink so much.
He's got to sing the same fucking 20 songs for 40 years.
This is
[inaudible]
the fact that that man is still standing is a testament to his inner strength in
this poor woman,
Miley Cyrus is going to have to sing about how she doesn't give a fuck when
she's in her fifties and sixties. You know what I mean?
And she's painted herself into a corner wearing those star trek outfits.
I didn't rush. No, she hasn't. Gee, if I was her manager, I say, listen,
at some point you got to put your tongue away and put some God damn clothes on.
Or, uh, you know, I'm,
I'm gonna leave right around when you're about 32 33 cause I'm not going to
watch this fucking train wreck. She's going to be 60 years old going, yes,
smoke weed. I don't give a fuck. Right.
Fucking jelly rolls hanging out of that fucking outfit. Um,
let us not forget the time you wanted to post a photo of your delicious corn
dinner. Do you remember what we told you then, Milan,
you told me to blow my corn.
10 we told you to blow your corn dinner or geniuses.